🔥 Link to Kling 3.0 for the visuals: https://bit.ly/higgsfield_ai_kling3
💎 Get all of my templates/resources 100% free: https://skool.com/maker-zero/about
➡️ If this is your first video: I'm Nick Saraev. I run LeftClick, an AI growth agency. We've done work for large brands you're likely familiar with, like Mr. Beast, Anthropic, OpenAI, and a few others.

In plain English: I help people build systems that generate leads, close deals, and scale businesses, mostly using new AI models like Claude. I also make videos about how to do all of that here on YouTube.

It hasn't always been this way. My family immigrated from a Soviet bloc country (People's Republic of Bulgaria) in the 90s. They worked extremely hard, and we were broke for a very long time. I grew up wishing for more security, stability, and freedom over my own life.

I don't have a programming degree, and never took formal education for IT or workflows. I learned it all myself from YouTube videos like you're watching now.

As for my path: I started my first business at 19 in college. We threw events (mostly parties) at campus bars, and charged people for entry. 

That failed to provide me enough money to pay my bills, so at 21, I started another business, a door-to-door marketing agency.

From there, every year, I would start several companies, over 10 in total. I did this in a variety of industries, like e-commerce, photography, videography, SaaS, credit repair, etc. Each grew slightly more profitable, until, at 25, I would start 1SecondCopy, a content writing company. A friend and I eventually scaled that to over $90,000/m. It was my first taste of financial independence, and the reason I'm here today.

Since starting my journey, I've grown a fair bit of capital. To diversify my income, at 30, I began investing in other businesses and advising companies on how to grow in the AI era. These include SaaS businesses, like Clairvo, agencies like Dental Connect, and more. 

Collectively, the businesses that I own outright or are a part of generate over $10 million per year. This returns far more than the 5-10% you would get in the stock market, but also requires a lot of my active time. There's a tradeoff there, but I greatly prefer active investing, where I have control over the entities I'm a part of.

It wasn't easy to get here. But I did in the end! For anyone on their own entrepreneurial journey: I wish you luck, happiness, and perseverance. You can make it!

Summary ⤵️
Turns out you can build extremely high-end, sleek websites using two things: a skill by Leon Lin (https://github.com/Leonxlnx/taste-skill) + a video generator called Kling (which I'm using on Higgsfield) + Nano Banana Pro to generate images to feed into the video and so on. A bit frustrated that people are making it out to be more complicated than that, but that's basically it. Super straightforward and simple. Enjoy! 

Follow me on other platforms 😈
📸 Instagram:   / nick_saraev  
🕊️ Twitter/X:   / nicksaraev  
🤙 Blog: https://nicksaraev.com

Why watch?
If this is your first view—hi, I’m Nick! TLDR: I spent six years building automated businesses with Make.com (most notably 1SecondCopy, a content company that hit 7 figures). Today a lot of people talk about automation, but I’ve noticed that very few have practical, real world success making money with it. So this channel is me chiming in and showing you what real systems that make real revenue look like.

Hopefully I can help you improve your business, and in doing so, the rest of your life 🙏

Like, subscribe, and leave me a comment if you have a specific request! Thanks.

Chapters
0:00 Animated Website Creations
0:25 Generating Websites Easily
01:35 Using Claude Code
02:40 Setting Up the Design
07:31 Enhancing the Animation
08:35 Optimizing the Experience
12:00 Making It Live
13:20 Simplifying Web Design
